suffix=j2sdk1.6-sun
j2se_base="/usr/lib/jvm/$suffix"

if [ ! -e "$j2se_base/debian/info" ]; then
	exit 0
fi


# alternative <program>
program_alternative()
{
	local program="$1"
	update-alternatives \
		--remove "$program" "$j2se_base/bin/$program"
}


program_alternative appletviewer
program_alternative apt
program_alternative extcheck
program_alternative idlj
program_alternative jar
program_alternative jarsigner
program_alternative java
program_alternative javac
program_alternative javadoc
program_alternative javah
program_alternative javap
program_alternative javaws
program_alternative jconsole
program_alternative jdb
program_alternative jhat
program_alternative jinfo
program_alternative jmap
program_alternative jps
program_alternative jrunscript
program_alternative jsadebugd
program_alternative jstack
program_alternative jstat
program_alternative jstatd
program_alternative keytool
program_alternative native2ascii
program_alternative orbd
program_alternative pack200
program_alternative policytool
program_alternative rmic
program_alternative rmid
program_alternative rmiregistry
program_alternative schemagen
program_alternative serialver
program_alternative servertool
program_alternative tnameserv
program_alternative unpack200
program_alternative wsgen
program_alternative wsimport
program_alternative xjc

rm -f /usr/lib/jvm/.j2sdk1.6-sun.jinfo

cd /usr/lib/jvm/ && if [ -L "default-java" ]; then
	[ "$(readlink default-java)" != "j2sdk1.6-sun" ] || \
		unlink /usr/lib/jvm/default-java
fi
